Software Assurance Meeting Plan

    1. Understand Assignment
    2. Familiarize with the Tool Robin indicated
    3. Assign Use Cases
        1. ~~ Each member submits 5 use cases (There will be overlap and some won’t be very good, which is totally fine!)~~
        2. ~~ ALL use cases are uploaded by tomorrow’s meeting~~
    4. After tomorrow’s meeting with Robin, we will ~~ all choose a top ten use cases ~~
        1. Each of us will then cycle through misuse cases for each use case.
        2. Upload all derivatives and iterations of the 10 use/misuse cases to GitHub
    5. In a meeting later this week:
        1. We’ll go through all the use and misuse cases
        2. Choose the best
        3. Asses how well the features fit the cases we created.
    6. Schedule the meeting later this week
    7. Reminder of tomorrow’s dealing for use cases and meeting with Robin.


Use Case Examples

    1. Admin User login - x
    2. Tech User login - x
    3. Initiating a temp account password  - x
    4. Sharing group account info - Chris
        1. Sharing a password within a group
        2. Sharing an account login
    5. Input of credit card information
    6. Accessing customer passwords
    7. Store username and account information
    8. Adding a member to a user group
    9. Pulling administrative logs
    10. Updating a password
    11. Exporting a vault - Jensen
    12. Using the password generator to generate a new password - Adam
        1. M – Spoofing the generator
        2. M – A malicious user could see what past password were and try to use them on other accounts or logins
    13. Adding a member to a organization – convoluted - Justin
        1. M – Malicious user gaining access to an organization due to lack of fingerprint phrase validation.
    14. Sending a text or file to another user - Adam
        1. M – Wrong user gains access to secret file
        2. M – Password doesn’t encrypt
    15. Create a new BitWarden Account
    16. Data encryption - Drew

Use Categories
    1. e-Commerce
    2. help desk 
    3. internal
    4. individual
    5. User groups

Groups
    1. Admin
    2. Tech
    3. Client


